This is the main directory for the 2.x release of Yale Haskell.  This
file contains some basic information about how the system is organized
and put together.

You should set the variable $HASKELL and source the haskell-setup
script in this directory before attempting to use Yale Haskell.

If you are rebuilding from the source release, see the scripts and
README files in the $HASKELL/com area.  You also need to modify
the haskell-development script.

Yale-specific information:

Source files in this directory area are under RCS control.  Use the
`rci' and `rco' aliases (from haskell-development) to check things in
and out.  By convention, each directory containing source files should
have subdirectories named RCS (for RCS files), t (for compiled T
files), lucid (for compiled Lucid CL files), and cmu (for compiled CMU
CL files).

Each subdirectory containing source files should also have a file that
defines a compilation unit for that subdirectory.  (See
support/compile.scm for information about the compilation unit
utility.)  support/system.scm loads all the compilation unit definitions.

To load the system into Common Lisp, you need to load the file
support/cl-support/cl-init.lisp.  This will automagically compile any
outdated or missing files.  However, you need to type in an
(in-package "MUMBLE-USER") once it finishes.

Don't try to load the system into T.  It's broken!  See
support/t-support/t-init.t.

All system-dependent code goes in either support/cl-support or
support/t-support.  For information about the mumble compatibility
package used as the implementation language for the rest of the
system, see support/mumble.txt.
